README.md, before:

# htbhf-claimant-service

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service/badge.svg?targetFile=build.gradle)](https://snyk.io/test/github/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service?targetFile=build.gradle)
[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[View latest test reports](https://departmentofhealth-htbhf.github.io/htbhf-claimant-service/)

This is a Spring Boot project with dual responsibilities:
* To expose a REST service responsible for evaluating eligibility and storing the details of claimants.
* A Payments Engine - a suite of scheduled services and message processors that maintain the state of all claims on a 28-day payment cycle (each claim has its own cycle),
ensuring payments are made for the correct amount and that claimants are notified of both payments and changes in circumstance.

As both tasks involve updating the database, they are combined into a single service. This makes the claimant service rather large,
but the alternative is to have two services updating the same database.

Documentation of the API is available online when the service is running (e.g. http://localhost:8080/v2/api-docs),
and is also available as [swagger.yml](swagger.yml) - paste the contents into https://editor.swagger.io/ for a friendly UI.

Documentation of the scheduled services and message processors that make up the Payments Engine can be found in [api/payments-engine.md](api/payments-engine.md).

### Deployment to the PaaS
The jar artefact of the API project is deployed to the PaaS, using the [manifest.yml](manifest.yml) file in the parent project.
Note that this requires some services be present in the space to which it is deployed - see [manifest.yml](manifest.yml) for the full list.
These include:
* `htbhf-claimant-service-postgres` (see [db/README.md](db/README.md) for further details)
* `logit-ssl-drain` (see [https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/monitoring_apps.html#configure-app](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/monitoring_apps.html#configure-app) for further details)
* A number of variable services that define environment-specific variable values (see [create_services.sh](https://github.com/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-deployment-scripts/blob/master/examples/create_services.sh) in the deployment-scripts repository for a script capable of creating all necessary variable services)

### Running locally
In order to run the application locally, a valid notify api key will need to be set in an environment variable called `NOTIFY_API_KEY`. e.g. `export NOTIFY_API_KEY=MY-API-KEY`
and an environment variable called `GOOGLE-ANALYTICS_TRACKING-ID` (exact value doesn't matter), e.g. `export GOOGLE-ANALYTICS_TRACKING-ID=test-key`.
Note, you must set the environment variable in the same context you are running the application in. 

If you are  running the application in intellij, environment variables can be set via [run/debug configurations](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/creating-and-editing-run-debug-configurations.html).

You will also need a local Postgres server running on the default port (5432) - see [db/README.md](db/README.md) for instructions on setting up the database.

### Create claims for local testing
There is a test utility for creating claims in a locally running persisted database. See the test-claimant-creator [README](api/src/test/java/uk/gov/dhsc/htbhf/claimant/creator/README.md) for details on how to run it.

Commit message:

NO-JIRA added instructions for fixing embedded database issues to readme

README.md, after:

# htbhf-claimant-service

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.com/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service/badge.svg?targetFile=build.gradle)](https://snyk.io/test/github/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service?targetFile=build.gradle)
[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-claimant-service)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[View latest test reports](https://departmentofhealth-htbhf.github.io/htbhf-claimant-service/)

This is a Spring Boot project with dual responsibilities:
* To expose a REST service responsible for evaluating eligibility and storing the details of claimants.
* A Payments Engine - a suite of scheduled services and message processors that maintain the state of all claims on a 28-day payment cycle (each claim has its own cycle),
ensuring payments are made for the correct amount and that claimants are notified of both payments and changes in circumstance.

As both tasks involve updating the database, they are combined into a single service. This makes the claimant service rather large,
but the alternative is to have two services updating the same database.

Documentation of the API is available online when the service is running (e.g. http://localhost:8080/v2/api-docs),
and is also available as [swagger.yml](swagger.yml) - paste the contents into https://editor.swagger.io/ for a friendly UI.

Documentation of the scheduled services and message processors that make up the Payments Engine can be found in [api/payments-engine.md](api/payments-engine.md).

### Deployment to the PaaS
The jar artefact of the API project is deployed to the PaaS, using the [manifest.yml](manifest.yml) file in the parent project.
Note that this requires some services be present in the space to which it is deployed - see [manifest.yml](manifest.yml) for the full list.
These include:
* `htbhf-claimant-service-postgres` (see [db/README.md](db/README.md) for further details)
* `logit-ssl-drain` (see [https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/monitoring_apps.html#configure-app](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/monitoring_apps.html#configure-app) for further details)
* A number of variable services that define environment-specific variable values (see [create_services.sh](https://github.com/DepartmentOfHealth-htbhf/htbhf-deployment-scripts/blob/master/examples/create_services.sh) in the deployment-scripts repository for a script capable of creating all necessary variable services)

### Running locally
In order to run the application locally, a valid notify api key will need to be set in an environment variable called `NOTIFY_API_KEY`. e.g. `export NOTIFY_API_KEY=MY-API-KEY`
and an environment variable called `GOOGLE-ANALYTICS_TRACKING-ID` (exact value doesn't matter), e.g. `export GOOGLE-ANALYTICS_TRACKING-ID=test-key`.
Note, you must set the environment variable in the same context you are running the application in. 

If you are  running the application in intellij, environment variables can be set via [run/debug configurations](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/creating-and-editing-run-debug-configurations.html).

You will also need a local Postgres server running on the default port (5432) - see [db/README.md](db/README.md) for instructions on setting up the database.

#### Database problems when testing locally
If you see this error when running tests locally:
```
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Cannot run program "...": error=2, No such file or directory
```
This might be caused by a mis-match between the version of Postgres you have installed and the version used by the embedded database 
(see: [https://github.com/zonkyio/embedded-database-spring-test/issues/4](https://github.com/zonkyio/embedded-database-spring-test/issues/4)).
It is possible to use a docker image for the embedded database instead by setting an environment variable `EMBEDDED_DATABASE_PROVIDER=docker` 
(see [api/src/test/resources/application.yml](api/src/test/resources/application.yml) and [https://github.com/zonkyio/embedded-database-spring-test](https://github.com/zonkyio/embedded-database-spring-test) for details).

### Create claims for local testing
There is a test utility for creating claims in a locally running persisted database. See the test-claimant-creator [README](api/src/test/java/uk/gov/dhsc/htbhf/claimant/creator/README.md) for details on how to run it.
